Update doc with Pixi installation (#218)
sofa-framework/doc: 10_Getting_Started/20_Build/20_MacOS.md

SOFA policy is to support only the latest MacOS version.

# Installation with Pixi

You can download and build SOFA in only three steps without any environment installation.

## Prerequisites

- [Install Git](https://git-scm.com/install/mac)
- [Install Pixi](https://pixi.prefix.dev/latest/installation/)

## Installation steps

- Clone SOFA : `git clone https://github.com/sofa-framework/sofa` :inbox_tray: 
- Trigger the build : run `pixi run -e supported-plugins build` in the sofa source folder :desktop_computer: 
- Launch SOFA : run `pixi run -e supported-plugins runSofa` :rocket: 

> ⚠️ Under macOS, using Python from runSofa with SofaPython3 would cause a segmentation fault due to symbol duplication (the Python package from Conda Forge statically linked with libpython, conflicting with runSofa’s own linking). A patch (proposed in PR [#394](https://github.com/sofa-framework/SofaPython3/pull/394)) is currently used in our Conda packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ A known issue under macOS has been hotfixed in the pixi build using a patch. _You don't need to do anything while using pixi, it is applied for you_. The issue appeared through the use of Python from runSofa with SofaPython3 and caused a segmentation fault due to symbol duplication (the Python package from Conda Forge statically linked with libpython, conflicting with runSofa’s own linking). The patch (proposed in PR [#394](https://github.com/sofa-framework/SofaPython3/pull/394)) is currently used in our Conda packages.
```
